Add Huum integration documentation (#30505)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/huum.markdown

---
title: Huum
description: Instructions on how to integrate a Huum saunas into Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Climate

> ha_release: 2022.6

Reviewer: Needs to be updated when the release to include is known.

Author: fixed

ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_codeowners:
  - '@frwickst'
ha_domain: huum
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - climate
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> Integrates Huum saunas into Home Assistant.

Reviewer: Please add a link to the vendor's site.

Author: added

> The sauna can only be controlled through Huum’s Cloud API; no local connection is available.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this sentence is needed, given the ha_iot_class is defined as cloud polling already.

> You’ll need your username (which is usually your email) and password for the integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You’ll need your username (which is usually your email) and password to configure the integration.
```
Are there any other prerequisites that are worth mentioning?

Author: changed

The integration takes the same security measures regarding an open sauna door as the Huum app.

> If the sauna door is open, the sauna will not turn on.

Reviewer: Please also add an explicit note here describing that the heating _must_ be explicitly turned on and setting the temperature doesn't do that as a security measure.

Author: Added

---
title: Huum
description: Instructions on how to integrate a Huum saunas into Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Climate
ha_release: 2024.2
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_codeowners:
  - '@frwickst'
ha_domain: huum
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - climate
ha_integration_type: integration
---

Integrates [Huum](https://huum.eu/) saunas into Home Assistant.

You’ll need your username (which is usually your email) and password to configure the integration.

The integration takes the same security measures regarding an open sauna door as the Huum app.
If the sauna door is open, the sauna will not turn on.

<div class='note info'>

>     When the sauna is off, you must turn on the sauna after settings the temperature.

Reviewer: Just a small typo correction, should be "setting", otherwise this looks good to me.

The text should also be dedented to avoid code-styling.

Author: fixed
